JUDY WOODRUFF: The White House
isn't saying tonight whether
tape recordings do exist of
President Trump's
conversations with former
FBI Director James Comey.
Over the weekend, several
Republican senators
urged the president to
answer that question,
yes or no.
At the White House
today, reporters pressed
Press Secretary Sean
Spicer on the subject.
SEAN SPICER, White House
Press Secretary: I think the
president made it very clear on
Friday that he would get back as
soon as possible on this and his
position on that conversation.
QUESTION: Right, but
what is he waiting for?
What's the delay?
SEAN SPICER: He's waiting --
he's not waiting for anything.
When he's ready to further
discuss it, he will.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Spicer also
wouldn't say if Attorney General
Jeff Sessions will invoke
executive privilege when
he goes before a Senate
committee tomorrow.
Sessions faces questions
about his contacts with
Russia's ambassador
during the presidential
race.
A second U.S. appeals court
has upheld a block on President
Trump's modified travel ban.
In Seattle today, three judges
of the Ninth Circuit Court
agreed with a ruling by a lower
court in Hawaii that the ban
discriminates against Muslims.
A federal appeals court
in Virginia already
issued a similar ruling
in a separate case.
The attorneys general of
Maryland and the District of
Columbia charged today that the
president's ongoing business
ties violate the Constitution.
They sued in federal court,
citing the Emoluments
Clause, designed to
head off conflicts of
interest.
In Washington, the two
officials, both Democrats,
said it's a matter
of saving democracy.
KARL A. RACINE, D.C. Attorney
General: We're concerned that
foreign governments are coming
to the Trump businesses for
the single purpose of currying
special favor from the president
of the United States, so that
their interests can get a higher
priority than the interests
of the American people.
JUDY WOODRUFF: A White House
spokesman said the suit is
motivated by partisan politics.
A similar lawsuit is
pending in New York state.
The White House also condemned
Russia's crackdown today on
protesters against corruption.
More than a thousand people were
arrested across the country.
Alex Thomson of
Independent Television
News filed this report.
ALEX THOMSON: Hundreds arrested
in Moscow alone on a day of
protests nationwide against
corruption generally and
Vladimir Putin particularly.
"Putin is a thief," the chant,
and "Russia without Putin"
-- all of this organized by
the Kremlin's most
prominent critic by
far, the anti-corruption
campaigner and presidential
hopeful Alexei Navalny.
If Navalny's plan was to rain
on President Putin's parade,
it's certainly succeeding
in this part of
the demonstration.
Thousands of people gathered
here, plainly the vast majority
of them here pro-Navalny.
MAN (through translator):
Putin is killing our people.
He's killing you and me.
He's sending people to
Ukraine and Syria to
die for his interests.
Let's tell him
we're not having it.
WOMAN (through translator):
I came here for the truth.
Our government is not
conducting itself properly.
ALEX THOMSON: Navalny was
allowed to demo in Moscow,
just not here, on the main road
leading straight
up to Red Square.
But late last night, he
ordered his people to
this illegal location.
That made confrontation
inevitable.
"Muscovites," he told people
in a late-night appeal,
"come to Tverskaya Street.
Don't go anywhere else."
Alexei Navalny himself never
made it to his own protest,
arrested at his home in Moscow.
He could now be detained
for up to 30 days.
Across Moscow, as across
Russia, these were the official
independence day celebrations,
the kind the Kremlin wanted
people to see and, let's
face it, most Russians.
Putin remains hugely popular.
Navalny's support runs
at just 2 percent.
WOMAN (through translator):
I don't think protesting
today makes any sense.
People are celebrating.
They're happy.
Why spoil the mood?
ALEX THOMSON: This was
Vladivostok demonstrations
and arrests well before
most of Moscow had
even got up this morning,
north to Siberia, Novosibirsk,
and another of more than 200
cities where anti-corruption
protesters gathered, and
west to St. Petersburg,
the same pattern,
gathering chanting
and arresting.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And back in this
country, newly elected Montana
Congressman Greg Gianforte
will not go to jail after all
for assaulting a reporter.
The Republican pleaded
guilty today to a misdemeanor
charge, and was sentenced
to 40 hours of community
service.
He will also attend 20 hours
of anger management counseling
and pay a fine of $385.
A Pennsylvania jury has
begun deliberating in Bill
Cosby's sexual assault trial.
The defense rested
abruptly today.
Cosby himself, accompanied
by his wife for the first
time, declined to testify.
His defense team argued the
comedian and his accuser had
a consensual relationship.
Prosecutors argued that
Cosby drugged the woman.
In Orlando, Florida, today,
they remembered the deadliest
mass shooting in modern U.S.
history.
A gunman, Omar Mateen, killed
49 people at a gay nightclub
last June 12, before police
killed him.
He'd pledged allegiance to
the Islamic State group.
This morning, a vigil
began at 2:00 a.m., the
same hour as the rampage.
Names of the victims were read
aloud, and hundreds carried
candles and laid flowers.
BUDDY DYER, Mayor of Orlando,
Florida: We are not here to
relive the horror of that
day.
We're here for a
greater purpose.
We're here to remember the
innocent lives that were lost.
We're here to honor them.
Orlando has been anointed to
show the world how to combat
hatred and evil and promote
quality and embrace diversity.
And we don't just have the
opportunity to do this.
We now have the
responsibility to do this.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The owner of
the Pulse nightclub said that
she plans to turn the site into
a memorial.
The U.S. Interior Department
is recommending the Bears Ears
National Monument in Utah be
downsized.
It now covers 1.3 million acres.
President Trump has said
the protective designations
amount to -- quote --
"a massive federal land
grab."
He's ordered reviews of Bears
Ears and 27 other sites.
Wall Street's week is
off to a sluggish start.
The Dow Jones industrial
average lost 36 points
today to close at 21235.
The Nasdaq fell 32, and
the S&P 500 slipped two.
And the first family is
finally under one roof
again at the White House.
First lady Melania Trump and
the couple's 11-year-old son,
Barron, arrived Sunday night
to take up residence.
They'd stayed in New York
until the school year ended.